Kismet, a 1944 English-language film directed by William Dieterle and written by Edward Knoblock, stars Marlene Dietrich, Edward Arnold, Ronald Colman, and James Craig.  Flags of Our Fathers, a 2006 war film directed by Clint Eastwood and written by Paul Haggis, Ron Powers, and James Bradley, garnered a significant number of IMDb votes and explores the events of World War II, specifically the Battle of Iwo Jima.  The Bride Wore Black, a 1968 French film directed by François Truffaut, based on a novel by Cornell Woolrich and co-written by Truffaut, stars Jeanne Moreau, Michel Bouquet, and Charles Denner. This revenge-driven tale centers around a bride seeking retribution for her husband's death. Dirty Filthy Love, a 2004 drama directed by Adrian Shergold and written by Jeff Pope, features Michael Sheen, Claudie Blakley, Anastasia Griffith, and Adrian Bower. The Dark Horse, a 1932 comedy directed by Alfred E. Green, stars Bette Davis and Warren William. The Sentinel, a 2006 thriller directed by Clark Johnson and written by Gerald Petievich, stars Michael Douglas, Kiefer Sutherland, and Eva Longoria, focusing on a Secret Service agent facing a conspiracy. Funny About Love, a 1990 comedy directed by Leonard Nimoy and written by Norman Steinberg, David Frankel, and Bob Greene, stars Gene Wilder.  Kissed, a 1996 film based on Barbara Gowdy's novel and directed by Lynne Stopkewich, stars Molly Parker and Peter Outerbridge, exploring the complex themes of necrophilia. Alive, a 2002 Japanese action film directed by Tsutomu Takahashi and starring Hideo Sakaki, depicts the harsh realities of prison life. The Snow Queen, a 2002 film directed by David Wu, stars Bridget Fonda and Chelsea Hobbs. Chopper, a 2000 Australian crime film directed by and written by Andrew Dominik, stars Eric Bana, David Field, and Simon Lyndon, based on the life of notorious criminal Mark Brandon "Chopper" Read. The Mistress of Spices, a 2005 film directed by Paul Mayeda Berges and written by Gurinder Chadha, Paul Mayeda Berges, and Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, explores the world of spices and their mystical powers.