Kismet is directed by William Dieterle.
Kismet was written by Edward Knoblock.
Marlene Dietrich starred in the movie Kismet.
Edward Arnold starred in the movie Kismet.
Ronald Colman starred in the movie Kismet.
The movie Kismet starred James Craig.
The movie Kismet was released in 1944.
Kismet is in the English language.
The movie Kismet has the tag "bd-r".
Flags of Our Fathers is directed by Clint Eastwood.
Flags of Our Fathers was written by Paul Haggis.
Flags of Our Fathers was written by Ron Powers.
Flags of Our Fathers was written by James Bradley.
The movie Flags of Our Fathers was released in 2006.
The movie Flags of Our Fathers is of the War genre.
The movie Flags of Our Fathers has a famous number of IMDb votes.
The movie Flags of Our Fathers has the tags "world war ii".
The movie Flags of Our Fathers has the tag "war".
The movie Flags of Our Fathers has the tag "r".
The movie Flags of Our Fathers has the tag Clint Eastwood.
The movie Flags of Our Fathers has the tag "american".
The movie Flags of Our Fathers has the tags "Iwo Jima".
The movie Flags of Our Fathers has the tag "flag".
The movie "The Bride Wore Black" was directed by François Truffaut.
The movie The Bride Wore Black was written by Cornell Woolrich.
The movie The Bride Wore Black was written by François Truffaut.
The movie "The Bride Wore Black" stars Jeanne Moreau.
The movie "The Bride Wore Black" stars Michel Bouquet.
The movie "The Bride Wore Black" stars Charles Denner.
The Bride Wore Black was released in 1968.
The movie "The Bride Wore Black" is in the French language.
The movie "The Bride Wore Black" has the tag "bd-r".
The movie "The Bride Wore Black" has the tag "revenge".
The movie "The Bride Wore Black" has the tag "wedding".
The movie "The Bride Wore Black" has tags associated with François Truffaut.
The movie "The Bride Wore Black" has the tag "black".
The movie "The Bride Wore Black" has the tag "bride".
Dirty Filthy Love is directed by Adrian Shergold.
Dirty Filthy Love was written by Jeff Pope.
Michael Sheen stars in the movie Dirty Filthy Love.
Claudie Blakley stars in the movie Dirty Filthy Love.
Anastasia Griffith stars in the movie Dirty Filthy Love.
Adrian Bower stars in the movie Dirty Filthy Love.
The movie Dirty Filthy Love was released in 2004.
The movie Dirty Filthy Love belongs to the genre of Drama.
The Dark Horse is directed by Alfred E. Green.
The movie The Dark Horse stars Bette Davis.
The movie The Dark Horse stars Warren William.
The Dark Horse was released in 1932.
The Dark Horse is a comedy.
The movie "The Dark Horse" has the tags "alfred e. green".
The Sentinel is directed by Clark Johnson.
The Sentinel was written by Gerald Petievich.
The movie The Sentinel stars Michael Douglas.
The movie The Sentinel stars Kiefer Sutherland.
The movie The Sentinel stars Eva Longoria.
The movie The Sentinel was released in 2006.
The movie The Sentinel belongs to the genre of Thriller.
The movie The Sentinel belongs to the Crime genre.
The movie The Sentinel is tagged as a thriller.
The movie The Sentinel is tagged with the genre crime.
The movie "The Sentinel" has tags related to Michael Douglas.
The Sentinel is tagged with secret service.
Funny About Love is directed by Leonard Nimoy.
Funny About Love was written by Norman Steinberg.
Funny About Love was written by David Frankel.
Funny About Love was written by Bob Greene.
Gene Wilder starred in the movie Funny About Love.
The movie Funny About Love was released in 1990.
The movie Funny About Love is a comedy.
The movie Kissed is directed by Lynne Stopkewich.
The novel "Kissed" was written by Barbara Gowdy.
The movie Kissed was written by Lynne Stopkewich.
The movie Kissed stars Molly Parker.
Peter Outerbridge starred in the movie Kissed.
The movie Kissed was released in 1996.
The action "Kissed" has the tag "necrophilia".
Alive was written by Tsutomu Takahashi.
The movie Alive stars Hideo Sakaki.
The movie Alive was released in 2002.
Alive is in the Japanese language.
The movie Alive belongs to the Action genre.
Alive has the tag japan.
Alive has the tag prison.
The Snow Queen is directed by David Wu.
The Snow Queen stars Bridget Fonda.
The Snow Queen stars Chelsea Hobbs.
The Snow Queen was released in 2002.
The movie Chopper is directed by Andrew Dominik.
The movie Chopper was written by Andrew Dominik.
Eric Bana stars in the movie Chopper.
David Field stars in the movie Chopper.
Simon Lyndon stars in the movie Chopper.
The movie Chopper was released in the year 2000.
Chopper has the tags australia.
Chopper has the tags "australian".
The movie Chopper has tags associated with Eric Bana.
The movie Chopper has tags associated with the director Andrew Dominik.
The Mistress of Spices is directed by Paul Mayeda Berges.
The Mistress of Spices was written by Gurinder Chadha.
The Mistress of Spices was written by Paul Mayeda Berges.
The Mistress of Spices is written by Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni.
The Mistress of Spices was released in 2005.
